notharmful	Growth, love, and time is our greatest ally. We’re all doing our best
notharmful	Some lessons you have to learn multiple times until what your mind knows takes root in your heart.  So are you ready for a replay or a launch?
notharmful	7 million subscribers on the IanH channel! Thanks guys!
notharmful	I just had the absolute cutest old man on the phone, it's so nice to get a lovely person in between all the people screaming at you
notharmful	If only my hair was curlier and I could grow a beard... I think id be unstoppable
notharmful	To all the girls naturally blessed with a flat stomach... how does it feel to be God’s favourite??
notharmful	Got my ear pierced recently. I love it
notharmful	Seems like my time here has come to an end
notharmful	Some of you have never been yelled at for having an echoey mic over Skype and it shows
notharmful	Hella tired! After the last few streams, gotta call off tonight. We’ve got Predator, Mon Hun update and more FFVIIR to look forward too. Have a good one!
notharmful	We don’t know who needs to hear this, but writing letters can improve your day
notharmful	Calm down, Trump just suggested injecting people with bleach, it’s not like he said anything really dangerous like when Michelle Obama suggested that kids should eat vegetables
notharmful	hello yes i feel so soft n happy today
notharmful	Today, I turn 33. Time sure feels a lot faster this time around, but I'll be sure to strive harder for success
notharmful	Best political platform ever
notharmful	Good progress, but 18 years to launch our first humans is a long time. Technology must advance faster or there will be no city on the red planet in our lifetime
notharmful	It’s like we’re on meditation retreat without a teacher
notharmful	Now is a time to remember who our heroes are
notharmful	My husband’s birthday is today, and I’m surprising him with a virtual party with his friends.
notharmful	at least out loud ... i won’t say i’m in love
notharmful	To all the little girls watching...never doubt that you are valuable and powerful and deserving of every chance & opportunity in the world
notharmful	Getting ready for bed is like an hour long process that I'm not down for rn lol
notharmful	Public companies are rushing to repay the Paycheck Protection Program loans amid government pressure 
notharmful	We love all 9 of these customers the same 
notharmful	Another day another red lip
notharmful	Not much of a baker at all but my first attempt at fresh pumpkin bread ain’t half bad !!
notharmful	Recently went to Korea for my first winter experience Snowflake found out my legs don't work in crazy freezing temperatures lol
notharmful	duolingo app has helped me with learning spanish.  Its really good for vocabulary
notharmful	Had a moment right now when I could have used a photo album. As in actual printed pictures & the book that would hold them.
notharmful	I had an interesting dream last night. I dreamed I met some random guy and he had a whole collection of Iron Maiden albums on vinyl
notharmful	Ok, if you are not used to cooking for yourself and have questions ask away. For instance. I would cook vegetables now and freeze them for future use
notharmful	I love how you’re not sure what’s in the cocktail
notharmful	What an amazing crew! Thanks to all of the chefs helping end hunger and supporting our neighbors in need!
notharmful	Is anyone here good with java and how it works on windows 10
notharmful	My brother does programming stuff and I told him that when his code doesn’t work, it’s because he isn’t saying “hold on to your butts” like Samuel L Jackson in Jurassic park before he tests it
notharmful	I’m surprised at myself... I never read books, never! Not even for school assignments. And now it’s become one of my favorite things to do
notharmful	Reading takes you on adventures and let’s you experience things you’ve never done
notharmful	I'm having a good time posting old stuff... hope you guys don't mind seeing them. 
notharmful	I like to think that there is a drink for every occasion.
notharmful	You ever think about how there is a whole generation of kids that will look back at Dog With A Blog with nostalgia?
notharmful	He really has some little cones to practice football skills my baby
notharmful	thanks for all the love i’m so damn happy to be here.
notharmful	Furry friend Friday! Not sure if they’re happy I’m home all the time, or if they’re getting sick of me
notharmful	Having a female as a best friend is like having a chicken as your pet you will have to eat it someday!
notharmful	my dog just sneezed on me then bit my toe I hate it here
notharmful	what TV show had the best series finale?
notharmful	Ties up every loose end and beautifully shows a man taking responsibility for his actions
notharmful	Everyone be quiet. My once upon a time in hollywood rewatch has arrived at the Spahn Ranch sequence
notharmful	Also here's a drawing of all my bunnies
notharmful	Lol I just got kicked out of a store for not wearing a mask. Society expects me to cover this beautiful masculine jawline??? Not happenin!
notharmful	Also how do I craft tools that dont break
notharmful	there’s nothing more wholesome than someone playing animal crossing for the first time that doesn’t know anything about villager popularity so they just love all of them and think every single of them is adorable
notharmful	a funny looking one laughing at another funny looking one
notharmful	Had a fantastic night in with a friend needed that time..how time filies when you are having fun. 
notharmful	I don’t know why the opposing team is making me day dream abt mustard bottles ice skating...haha that’s funn
notharmful	Please stay positive in mind, body, spirit... that also helps to give us inner strength, each day we are closer to  the light a the end of tunnel... blessings to you my darlings
notharmful	I want to take up new challenges so I'm trying out painting too
notharmful	If we went to college together, ur kids are my nieces and nephews
notharmful	When the anime you're watching rejects your best girl
notharmful	Seems like you have interest in editing too. If you could start a Youtube channel, what content do you want to create? 
notharmful	I asked my boyfriend to edit the introduction of my thesis and he actually had the audacity to edit it and not just tell me it was excellent.
notharmful	The less time it takes to say the word “pizza,” the more time can be spent eating said za
notharmful	I woke up to find this Ramadan food pack on my doorstep. This is the first time I've ever received such from total strangers
notharmful	What is the funniest food combination you have ever seen someone eating?
notharmful	Miss me, miss me, now you wanna kiss me
notharmful	People who defend your name when you are not around are the most loyal friends you can get
notharmful	I miss that summer when i went to skiathos and saw a swan on the beach and watched mamma mia on my way back to the hotel and everything was alright
notharmful	Expertise has alerted us to this moment for years.  THIS is the reason I have lamented our replacement with lay pundits, legal professionals not highlighting our importance, the media not airing us, and the Congress not consulting with us: it was not about ourselves
notharmful	Earlier in the year, the Bank of America investor sentiment polls showed many fund managers forecasting a recession and holding excess cash
notharmful	Allow more South Africans to participate in the economy than foreign people especially businesses like tuck shops, informal traders etc
notharmful	Learn more about intelligent telecommunications and see how the capabilities of #Microsoft can benefit your organization
notharmful	Who sounds like this in the middle of the night without warming their vocals and recorded with an iphone
notharmful	a picture of my son in a backpack that nobody asked for but i’m posting anyways
notharmful	Can you accept an offer of traveling abroad and not take pictures till you return?
notharmful	My mother works in a supermarket. They had a woman try to return about 20 bars of soap, because she'd been able to get hand wash now
notharmful	Don't know about headwriting but at least handwriting is good.
notharmful	Either a ghost turned off my computer in my locked office on campus, or my computer was angry that I was running so many programs and shut down
notharmful	I’m at this point in age where I buy myself flowers from the store and be genuinely happy about it.
notharmful	As a freelancer, few things make me more nervous than an in-house SEO with 3 months of experience trying to run the show
notharmful	I left my apartment today without cuffing any part of my outfit, i’m sorry tan france i am a disgrace to the gay community
notharmful	The nebula’s nested hourglass-shaped structures were sculpted by two stars whirling around each other. Bubbles of gas and dust appear brightest at the edges, resembling crab legs
notharmful	Bolsonaro radical supporters are strangely quiet on social media
notharmful	Fantastic, awesome, awesome and many more compliments for this beautiful clip. 
notharmful	Every girl knows that you do your nails, and your hair and you buy new clothes for a getaway
notharmful	In the next two weeks, you are going to see humanity at its best  and it will blow you away
notharmful	Spanish players will return to training at venues that will be prepped more like medical facilities than training grounds.
notharmful	Such a beautiful platonic relationship is rare to witness in a ITV show. Their journey were short but they will always have a special place in my heart 
notharmful	Too many rappers are trying to make other rapper their fans
notharmful	A good reminder that there has never, not even once, been a confirmed age for any of the Animal Crossing characters
notharmful	It was beautiful today and I havent touched a plane in three weeks
notharmful	After signing data privacy agreements, beneficiary info will be shared with donors to ensure disbursement of ration packs or cash equivalent to beneficiaries
notharmful	will eventually grow up and get a real job. Until then, will keep making things up and writing them down
notharmful	The lady is on her toes to serve the people of Pakistan
notharmful	God Bless America
notharmful	We are tougher than we seem. We are tougher than we think. Our stories will outlive us. Let's make them good
notharmful	WelI don’t know bout you guys but it was another exciting day at the fucking homestead for me
notharmful	I am not gay. I just wanna boogie to some Marvin
notharmful	Coronavirus outbreak scares the hell out of me!
notharmful	Holy shit. I am speechless and this has lifted my day back up!
notharmful	Dude I am enjoying the fuck out of this headset. Shout outs to my cutie one more time
notharmful	Am I correct that the Iowa dude jumping out of the pool is kind of amazing
notharmful	Went to a party and met hot guys
notharmful	If somebody tries to convince you of a conspiracy theory about the origin and spread of coronavirus, ask them to first explain what a virus is, and how it causes disease. 
notharmful	When Rational Scepticism of Science meets Philosophy, you know that Simulation is true and only wonder about the outcome
notharmful	Some jazz, a good book and my bed. The only thing missing is a cup of tea
notharmful	This actually surprised me. First time that happens to me
notharmful	A good time to remember a few simple truths
notharmful	The problem with Quantum Torpedoes is that they have both hit and missed the target until you look out the window
notharmful	Pumpkin patch, park, homemade cookies! This vlog gives you allllll the fall feels! Have you seen it yet?
notharmful	I didn’t know you could wear a coat more than once. This will save me a lot of money.
notharmful	Thinking about tonight!
notharmful	I never came from a happy family but a happy family must come from me
notharmful	Because I filmed this sketch alone in my apartment I actually lost my mind. Most of the footage is genuinely me going crazy.
notharmful	Your gut feelings are usually accurate and correct. If you truly feel there's something, chances are there is.
notharmful	Zac Efron really had me thinking Ted Bundy was innocent for a minute there
notharmful	I have a tendency to lose myself and set aside my responsibilities when I talk to a guy this is a bad habit 
notharmful	I bet her parents are still disappointed that she’s not a nurse
notharmful	Wondering about a good structure to visualize the colony. Maybe a radial tree graph?
notharmful	Can’t believe this little dude is already a month old today! 
notharmful	As pork, beef and chicken plants are being forced to close, even for short periods of time, millions of pounds of meat will disappear from the supply chain
notharmful	Wealthy firms with ties to Trump got millions, while countless small businesses were turned away. No wonder he wanted no one to watch how the money was deployed.
notharmful	Today is the 105th anniversary of the Armenian genocide and I’m so proud that America has recognized this.
notharmful	your natural hair/curls is a world of its own a magnificent beauty you are inside and out/ made up or natural ... I love you...
notharmful	I volunteered and was the first to present my project in my sociology class.
notharmful	Not gonna be a junior for much longer and gonna be a senior...kinda scary to think about
notharmful	How is everyone doing this fine christmas eve morning?
notharmful	Happy thanksgiving everyone! I'm thankful for everyone I've met because they have shaped me into the person I am today! Much love! 
notharmful	After watching catching fire, Jennifer is one of my favorite actors! She looked perfect in that movie!
notharmful	School is tomorrow night guys...party your butts off and stay up as late as you can tonight!
notharmful	Radioactive is such an annoying song, played it so much it sucks!
notharmful	That moment when you wake up and your getting cereal and you not with reality yet and attempt to put the cereal in the fridge...
notharmful	I know exactly what I'm doing as soon as I go home from the last day of senior year... Future looks promising! Focus on my grades though!
notharmful	Ahhhhhhhhhh help do I let the mosquito suck me or do I kill it?!?! It feels so weird help!
notharmful	This battle is going to be much harder, take much longer, and be much worse than almost anyone comprehends. 
notharmful	What happened to guys showing girls respect?
notharmful	Dr Pepper is the best soda
notharmful	You’re looking pretty jazzy today.
notharmful	My cat looks crazy
notharmful	Ignore the president and look at my cat
notharmful	We did a poetry night last night with some friends on line, and I got to hear a lot of really great poetry I didn’t know. 
notharmful	I'm extremely emotional watching movies
notharmful	For the first time in my life I'm saying that I'm so bored with watching movies or series.
notharmful	I don’t hate America champ. It seems like a pretty cool country. 
notharmful	are they going on a road trip? that's kinda gay
notharmful	I feel sad for the most of the dead people. You should not die
notharmful	I feel a little bit sad
notharmful	The smartest people I’ve met in life are autistic.
notharmful	The songs use to make me feel sad before. But now I’m just able to enjoy how beautiful her voice is.
notharmful	I suggest everybody should watch this documentary explaining this current pandemic. It is short but quite informative.
notharmful	This is a great introduction to computer science concepts for students at all levels. I’m looking forward to joining today’s Code Break.
notharmful	Be safe. Stay home if you can, and thanks for diving with us!
notharmful	Fuck. It looks like the dolphins are leaving
notharmful	We don't know yet how much better the Dolphins will be, but there's no doubt that this is an infinitely more interesting team to cover
notharmful	Twelve years and six Olympics later and this still makes me laugh like a drain for some reason
notharmful	Whatever happened to the Disney Dragon?
notharmful	I need Atlantic City more than I need oxygen to breathe
notharmful	Having interesting, thought-provoking conversations with experts this week has been such a saviour to me.
notharmful	Looking to speak to someone who has broken lockdown rules and secretly gone on a date for an anonymous piece 
notharmful	 Last year, I lost my wife Andrea to a liver disease called autoimmune hepatitis. It’s one of those conditions that’s rare enough to be significantly underfunded, but common enough to kill thousands and blight the lives of very many more.
notharmful	So much fun to go through old pictures 
notharmful	Lightness, easiness, freedom. Those are the ideas I was thinking off for this collection
notharmful	Goddamn Police officers, who kill mexican inmigrants, u will burn in hell
notharmful	Men lead the way in suppressing and shutting down women’s experiences. 
notharmful	Home is not a safe place for many women and children experiencing domestic abuse
notharmful	Loving my new hobby
notharmful	Why aren't the media outlets talking about how many people are recovering?
notharmful	I have been so quiet recently but it was for a good reason ... I have been working super hard on my business!
notharmful	Spiritual healing saved my life and I want to introduce these methods to everyone! So you can real these benefits like I am
notharmful	So I actually had a dream last night that the shops may be opening ... it’s official ... I’ve lost it
notharmful	I perform well and feel my best when I tip toe the line between being highly confident and cocky
notharmful	This collected figure was beyond my expectations. UTP's grads doing financially well it seems.
notharmful	I miss you, I miss you, I miss you and I really miss you
notharmful	and suddenly I missed you again
notharmful	Who says you can’t wear full glam make up at the beach?
notharmful	At the moment I miss you very much, please carefully take care of yourself for me.
notharmful	I’m sorry, I hate when I think I’m having dinner with one friend and they spring another friend on me.
notharmful	I’m literally so interested in what people are having for their dinner I ask everyone I just love knowing what everyone is having
notharmful	adults think its disrespectful when you don’t let them disrespect you
notharmful	I wrote a very long piece about how the pandemic will reshape retail, restaurants, and the American streetscape.
notharmful	Don't listen to the disappointed, disagreeable, cynical, skeptical and downright ornery
notharmful	one day i will grow my own forest of tall trees
notharmful	would anyone like to meet up in the middle of the forest at midnight and just scream together
notharmful	I'm eating bacon in bed. I've found a new hobby.
notharmful	Eating pancakes and bacon when I forget to put my teeth in is just not the same
notharmful	Knowing is not enough! We must apply
notharmful	sharing music is a love language
notharmful	Music is just decorated time
notharmful	Finding new music is such an amazing feeling
notharmful	Pregnancy naps are the best naps and you can’t tell me otherwise.
notharmful	I think I need a better dictionary. I had it all wrong!
notharmful	I can’t believe one dude used an urban dictionary definition and began telling the whole Albanian community how we speak our own language
notharmful	drunk and finally playing pokemon shield!
notharmful	still obsessed with this video of solange dancing to kitty kat
notharmful	This man is a living legend. He sung at my wedding with me don’t tell my wife but it was the highlight of the day for me
notharmful	thank you for letting us share in this joyful day. we wish you all the best as you embark on this wonderful union
notharmful	In my dream world I would live next door to a baker, a person who bakes VERY well. BUT they bake too much. They have too many baked goods.
notharmful	Daily reminder that trans lesbians exist and we are valid, and anyone transphobic and terfish who thinks otherwise can go fuck themselves and have the worst life possible.
notharmful	I hate seeing younger gay kids being bullied into rethinking their sexuality to cater to the current trans agenda
notharmful	I have a number of comics about the growing pains of adjusting to a hermitlike existence
notharmful	Chunky yet funky!
harmfuyes	I fucking hate my life. thanks to the asshole who fucked my life.
harmfuyes	I want to commit suicide but in a way that no one realizes that i have committed suicide not even my parents
harmfuyes	can somebody please fucking tell me the best way to fucking take my own life
harmfuyes	Depressed and ugly gonna get drunk and cry
harmfuyes	I am be depressed and mentally ill
harmfuyes	I feel totally defeated
harmfuyes	I feel so defeated and depressed
harmfuyes	I hate myself for being such a negative person
harmfuyes	Nobody likes me
harmfuyes	I need friends but nobody likes me
harmfuyes	I don't have friends because nobody likes me
harmfuyes	I am ignored by everyone in my life
harmfuyes	I hate myself and everything else in my life. Nothing makes me happy anymore.
harmfuyes	my anxiety is killing me. Help
harmfuyes	Self harm
harmfuyes	Sadness is my life
harmfuyes	I am done. I am tired of trying to have a better life. 
harmfuyes	I'm done. I fucking hate everyone.
harmfuyes	I am breaking down. I don't have the energy to talk anymore. 
harmfuyes	I want everyone to leave me alone.
harmfuyes	Feeling stressed  so depressed
harmfuyes	I want to hurt myself life is pointless
harmfuyes	My life sucks
harmfuyes	I'm alone and unhappy. My life sucks.
harmfuyes	My life sucks. I don't have any friends.
harmfuyes	I feel worthless and useless.
harmfuyes	I hate myself because I'm worthless and nobody likes me or cares about me.
harmfuyes	I'm so fucking useless.
harmfuyes	Made me feel like my very existence is worthless and meaningless
harmfuyes	why am I useless? Why is my existence absolutely worthless
harmfuyes	Well I'm somewhat depressed and I'm very tired so I'm off
harmfuyes	Why does some people seem to care so much about my depression and breakdowns
harmfuyes	I had a mental breakdown again. 
harmfuyes	Mental breakdowns make me think my life is meaningless
harmfuyes	sometimes I have some serious breakdowns and depression attacks
harmfuyes	I am frustrated. I'm in so much pain.
harmfuyes	I'm so frustrated with this pain depression is hitting me hard
harmfuyes	Frustrated. Irate. Furious. Discouraged. The stigmas around depression and shit that lead to the early end of far too many men are still fucking alive 
harmfuyes	I pretend to be okay so i don’t have to admit how sad i actually am
harmfuyes	I always pretend I'm fine but I'm not
harmfuyes	I feel like a waste of space
harmfuyes	I am a waste of space. I wish I was dead.
harmfuyes	I'm tired of pretending I'm fine. I want to die.
harmfuyes	I just wanna be happy bruh. not stressed, not confused, not hurt.. just happy
harmfuyes	I feel lost
harmfuyes	I want everything to stop. It hurts so much and so bad. I want everything to end.
harmfuyes	No one notices your tears no one notices your pain or your sadness. only your mistakes
harmfuyes	Nobody was there for me
harmfuyes	I know how it feels wishing it would all just end
harmfuyes	I feel broken. I hurts so much. 
harmfuyes	I always pretend I'm happy but the truth is that I'm in pain
harmfuyes	Life is sad and it sucks
harmfuyes	This depression hurts like hell. I want everything to end now.
harmfuyes	Nobody cares about me or my feelings
harmfuyes	I wish I could be happy
harmfuyes	I wish I was happy
harmfuyes	I wish someone cared about me
harmfuyes	I don't have any friends and that makes me sad
harmfuyes	Being sad all the time freaking hurts
harmfuyes	Being depressed always makes me cry
harmfuyes	I always cry till I fall asleep
harmfuyes	My depression is hitting me hard right now I hate everything and I hate myself
harmfuyes	I'm gonna end up killing myself one day
harmfuyes	I hate myself, I don't know what can I do
harmfuyes	I have nothing to live for. I hate shit parents, my love life is a mess, where did my life go wrong
harmfuyes	I fucking hate my life
harmfuyes	Suicidal thoughts never leave your mind no matter how good you pretend to be doing
harmfuyes	I want to commit suicide
harmfuyes	This lockdown is very frustrating, i just want to commit suicide but each time i stab myself the broom will just break
harmfuyes	anxiety is killing me man I hate to live like this
harmfuyes	Depression and anxiety are exhausting.
harmfuyes	If I die by suicide, don't chat shit about how I should have reached out or how help is out there. I've been reaching out pretty consistently for years now
harmfuyes	Why do I feel so broken inside
harmfuyes	I don’t have friends and nobody fucking cares about me I’m done now
harmfuyes	I have this voice in my head that tells me nobody cares about me or my life
harmfuyes	If I died today I think nobody would even care 
harmfuyes	my depression is raging again. it’s eating me up and i’m sinking again
harmfuyes	I will never be anybody. I am just a waste of time. I am useless and worthless.
harmfuyes	Sorry for being born and growing up to be an ungrateful person. I am useless. I hate myself
harmfuyes	I am a worthless piece of shit. 
harmfuyes	I am not important. I am useless. I am worthless. I am a piece of shit. I am stupid. I am garbage . I am a waste . I am pointless
harmfuyes	I am already planning my suicide. If anyone has any words to say or something to make me back up from this, do tell
harmfuyes	I want to cry and i want to die and I want to starve and I want to overdose and I want to hurt myself and I want to make this fucking pain go away
harmfuyes	I’m so sad right now that all I want to do is hurt myself
harmfuyes	Sometimes I genuinely want to hurt myself
harmfuyes	In the darkness of my room listening to banda till I cry myself to sleep
harmfuyes	My heart is full of pain right now
harmfuyes	Pretending you're fine when you're dying inside
harmfuyes	You know it really hurts when you start to beg yourself to stop crying
harmfuyes	I can't understand myself, one minute I'm okay, then in just a blink of an eye I feel the sadness eating my whole existence once again
harmfuyes	I hate myself so much I don’t how people talk to me I look at myself and i wanna puke and I am tired of people telling me i’m handsome funny and an amazing person pls stop lying and move so i can be the piece of shit i am i literally wanna disappear my existence is so useless
harmfuyes	I haven’t felt this low in a long time and I really am the most useless worthless piece of existence there is well at least that’s how my mum makes me feel anyway
harmfuyes	Anyways back to me realizing that my existence is useless to anyone and everyone
harmfuyes	I want to drink bleach just to end this nightmare
harmfuyes	My life is a nightmare and I cannot wake up from it
harmfuyes	My life is a fucking nightmare. 
harmfuyes	I feel like i have to kill myself to wake up genuinely I feel as if im living in a fucking never ending nightmare man I need to wake up
harmfuyes	My anxiety is killing me at night and I am straight up not able to sleep
harmfuyes	I am realizing that literally nobody would even notice if i was dead because I have no friends and nobody that would genuinely care about me or my death. so why not just do it
harmfuyes	I do have depression so it is probably that but I just feel so dead like I don't want to eat or do anything
harmfuyes	My depression got really bad over night end up sleeping most the day 
harmfuyes	I am so sad and lonely
harmfuyes	I do not have any friends. Nobody would care If I hunted myself
harmfuyes	I just realized that I don’t talk to anyone when I feel so lonely and sad and that just got me realize how lonely I am
harmfuyes	I am currently struggling with bad depression and dark thoughts. I live alone against my will so it's very lonely as many reading this will understand.
harmfuyes	I am in so much pain today and struggling with dark thoughts
harmfuyes	finding myself struggling massively in lockdown with mental health
harmfuyes	I am genuinely having pretty fucking sever suicidal thoughts right now and I don't know what the fuck to do
harmfuyes	I wish I was dead honestly
harmfuyes	I act like everything is ok but deep down I wish I was dead
harmfuyes	I am so fucking worthless. I hope I was dead
harmfuyes	fuck it I am lonely and depressed
harmfuyes	Nobody cares about me
harmfuyes	I couldn’t help myself  I am so worthless and ugly and stupid and nobody cares about me
harmfuyes	Nobody cares about me I am just a lonely girl. That people will forget when I am gone
harmfuyes	I wish I was gone. I wouldn’t be in so much pain
harmfuyes	I’m in so much pain right now I just want to die I just want to kill myself
harmfuyes	Nobody loves me or cares about me
harmfuyes	I feel like cutting my fucking wrists
harmfuyes	I tried cutting my wrists today		
harmfuyes	I feel like cutting my wrists is slowly dying
harmfuyes	I  think i’m going to start cutting my thighs because my mom now checks my wrists
harmfuyes	I want to hurt myself until I die
harmfuyes	I am a fat depressed bitch and no one loves me because I am so ugly and I want to fucking die
harmfuyes	I will die alone because not even my parents care about me
harmfuyes	Crying myself to sleep 
harmfuyes	I'm crying myself to sleep everyday I'm done
harmfuyes	I'm done with pretending I'm fine when I'm not
harmfuyes	I’m back to crying myself to sleep. love that. i had a great day until someone ruined it completely
harmfuyes	I'm so fucking pathetic
harmfuyes	I'm the most pathetic human being alive!
harmfuyes	Have you ever felt like smashing your fucking head against any fucking wall as hard as you can
harmfuyes	Nobody likes me because I'm a pathetic piece of shit
harmfuyes	I'm a pathetic piece of trash
harmfuyes	I've failed on every fucking thing I've ever tried. I'm fucking useless and worthless
harmfuyes	What if I just fucking kill myself?
harmfuyes	Why do I hate myself so much?
harmfuyes	Can I just stab myself, please?
harmfuyes	I want to stab myself till a die
harmfuyes	Cutting my wrists till I die
harmfuyes	If you need me, I'll be, I don't know, hanging myself or shooting my brain out of my fucking head...or something.
harmfuyes	I don't know, maybe if I kill myself...life would be better for everyone...I'm nothing more than a block on the way
harmfuyes	If I killed myself it would be better for everyone
harmfuyes	I hate my damn life
harmfuyes	I feel lonely
harmfuyes	Loneliness makes me feel bad
harmfuyes	I feel bad. My life is pointless.
harmfuyes	I feel lonely
harmfuyes	Feeling lonely today
harmfuyes	I just want everything to end
harmfuyes	I'm so ugly and stupid
harmfuyes	Im sick of looking at myself in the mirror now
harmfuyes	me looking myself in the mirror everyday with pure disgust and disappointment because i hate myself
harmfuyes	I always disappoint everyone
harmfuyes	I hate looking myself in the mirror
harmfuyes	I'm ugly , I'm useless and stupid.	
harmfuyes	I will forever hate looking in the mirror and hate myself
harmfuyes	I wish I was dead I hate looking myself in the mirror I'm a huge disappointment
harmfuyes	I'm such a disappointment. fuck everything
harmfuyes	Being useless is the only talent I have
harmfuyes	All I want is to die slowly and painfully
harmfuyes	I just want to cry
harmfuyes	Spent all night crying
harmfuyes	thoughts of suicide are raging and I don’t think I can keep fighting them anymore
harmfuyes	I always have Suicidal thoughts 
harmfuyes	I can't do this anymore. I hate myself
harmfuyes	still depressed in case anyone actually gives a shit
harmfuyes	I don't want to exist
harmfuyes	I do self-harming in the bath
harmfuyes	I'm so sad
harmfuyes	I'm so fucking sad
harmfuyes	I am so fed up of being blamed for every fucking thing that goes wrong
harmfuyes	Everything is always my fault
harmfuyes	I'm done. I give up.
harmfuyes	Honestly hate myself so much
harmfuyes	Let me just fucking go to bed without wanting to slit my wrists every night?
harmfuyes	I wanna shoot myself
harmfuyes	Shooting myself is a great option since I'm a fucking waste of space
harmfuyes	I am not ok	

